Add movies-rest (#678)
SAP-samples/kyma-runtime-extension-samples: movies-rest/README.md

```
GitHub Actions (CI/CD)
       │
       ▼
Kyma Runtime (Kubernetes)
  ├── movies-rest Pod (Spring Boot, port 8080)
  │     └── Istio sidecar (mTLS + ingress)
  └── SAP Service Operator
        └── ObjectStore ServiceInstance → S3 bucket
```

Each movie is stored as a JSON file at `movies/<id>.json` inside the bound S3 bucket. No relational database is required.

## Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|---|---|
| Language | Java 21 |
| Framework | Spring Boot 3.3 |
| API docs | springdoc-openapi / Swagger UI |
| Storage | AWS SDK v2 → SAP Object Store (S3-compatible) |
| Service binding | `java-sap-service-operator` (SAP Cloud Service Binding) |
| Runtime | SAP BTP Kyma (Kubernetes + Istio) |
| CI/CD | GitHub Actions + `kyma-project/setup-kyma-cli` |

## API Endpoints

| Method | Path | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `GET` | `/movies` | List all movies |
| `GET` | `/movies/{id}` | Get a movie by ID |
| `POST` | `/movies` | Create a new movie (ID auto-generated) |
| `PUT` | `/movies/{id}` | Update an existing movie |
| `DELETE` | `/movies/{id}` | Delete a movie |

Interactive documentation is available at `/swagger-ui.html` after deployment.

### Movie resource

```json
{

>   "id": "1714900000000",

Reviewer: if the format of movie ID is changed then the example should also be updated

# Deploy a Spring Boot Movies REST API in SAP BTP, Kyma Runtime

## Overview

> [!NOTE]

> > This sample is used in the Fast Prototyping in SAP BTP, Kyma Runtime Using App Push tutorial.

Reviewer 2: Are you not providing the link intentionally, or have you forgotten about it?

Author: Intentionally. I'll provide the link as soon as the tutorial is published.

This sample provides a Spring Boot REST API that manages movie records stored as JSON objects in an S3-compatible **SAP Object Store** service.

> This sample demonstrates how to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to perform the following operations:
```

- How to go from source code to a running, externally accessible application on Kyma runtime in a single command
- How to iterate quickly on a prototype without writing Kubernetes manifests, Dockerfiles, or configuring a container registry

> - How to evolve a local prototype into an automated GitHub Actions CD pipeline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Go from source code to a running, externally accessible application on Kyma runtime in a single command
- Iterate quickly on a prototype without writing Kubernetes manifests, Dockerfiles, or configuring a container registry
- Evolve a local prototype into an automated GitHub Actions CD pipeline
```
